what's going on everybody
welcome back to food deconstructed I'm
Adrian Bustamante and we are
deconstructing pizza this week now I'm
gonna make something that I'm actually
pretty excited about we're gonna make
pizza infuse pop rocks
now you may not remember pop rocks if
you're not old enough to remember pop
rocks but they are an amazing candy it
goes fizz in your mouth we're gonna
start off with our baking sheet we're
still patting down we're gonna take some
powdered sugar and crystallized citric
acid now what is crystallized citric
acid do you say well crystallized citric
acid is basically what they put on the
outside of warheads sour patch kids and
we've also made some pizza seasoning as
well so the first thing we're gonna do
take our powdered sugar spread it over
now I'm gonna take half of a citric acid
because we're gonna use a little bit
later and then of course the pizza
seasoning now I want these pop rocks to
taste like pizza damn it when you make
this correctly it should smell like
pizza you can smell the tomato the
oregano so we're gonna heat this up
keep stirring keep stirring so you keep
stirring this but I'm also going to do
is I'm going to bring in my thermometer
here now you want to flip it off the
side or however your thermometer works
now the candy thermometer is gonna take
us up to 305 degrees that's what we want
now the biggest thing is you want to
make sure that the base of your
thermometer or the very tip of it does
not touch the pan so the Vitesse's the
pan then you're getting the temperature
of the pan not the temperature of your
candy so I'm gonna keep continually
stirring while this is going our candy
has boiled up to about 305 so now we're
gonna let it cool down once that's cool
down we're gonna add to it at some
baking start I'll also be adding in our
pizza flavor well add these to this once
it gets down to 275 oh we're down to 275
all right guys we're gonna do this first
with a little bit of baking soda
flavoring
and we're gonna mix once that's mixed up
we're gonna bring in a baking sheet with
this mixture before dripping this on
there's gonna be fun
smells like candies yes there's no real
rhyme or reason how you're gonna put
this on you just want to try and get it
all over everything we've placed over
here before which again powdered sugar
pizza seasoning and citric acid we're
gonna add a little bit more citric acid
to the top of this a little bit more
pizza Caesar
one thing to tell you when you're done
with your pot full of our candy you
fight throw some water in it because if
you don't such a spoon stuck to the pan
I might have to throw that away all
right empty bowl baking soda vinegar
baking soda in this bowl and this is
vinegar now we're gonna pretend that
there's pizza in here because I mean
there's pizza in there it's gonna give
you a pizza explosion of flavor there we
go
boom you guys remember the volcano
diorama in elementary school so that's
the tree happening my mouth when I'm
done with this we're gonna set this
aside now you guys are probably all
asking yourself how do we go from this
to pop rocks this nice hard concoction
well first of all take some cellophane
you don't have to take cellophane at
home and cover this but I would
recommend it because you might have a
little bit of extra mess on your hands
if you don't do this then you grab
somebody near you with some serious
aggression problems and this someone is
gonna be myself
we're gonna grab a rolling pin and we
smash and we smash until there's little
bits there we go all right you guys
ready you have fun with this
but you kind of get an idea but how is
it starting to come together now you
have that nice pop rock look crystals
see how these Pizza poppers taste and I
love me some pop rocks
I'm a little angry because they're not
popping it basically means we probably
need a little more baking soda so it
means it adds more at home but it does
taste like Geetha it's like pizza candy
sweet sweet Pizza candy there you have
it
beat the pop rocks everybody